DEVX-1942: Create first producer application (#491)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/kafka-producer-application/kafka/markup/test/make-application-test.adoc

////
  This content file is used to describe how to add test code you developed in this tutorial.  You'll need to update the
  text to suit your test code.

////

> Earlier in this tutorial, I mentioned that using a thin wrapper class around the `KafkaProducer` makes testing easier.  The key enabler for testing is that the `KafkaProducerApplication` accepts an instnace of the https://kafka.apache.org/25/javadoc/org/apache/kafka/clients/producer/Producer.html[Producer] **_interface_**.  The use of the interface leaves us free to inject any concrete type we want, including a https://kafka.apache.org/25/javadoc/org/apache/kafka/clients/producer/MockProducer.html[Mock Producer] for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next we will see why the thin wrapper class around the `KafkaProducer` makes testing easier.  The `KafkaProducerApplication` accepts an instance of the https://kafka.apache.org/25/javadoc/org/apache/kafka/clients/producer/Producer.html[Producer] **_interface_**.  The use of the interface allows us to inject any concrete type we want, including a https://kafka.apache.org/25/javadoc/org/apache/kafka/clients/producer/MockProducer.html[Mock Producer] for testing.
```

Author: ack

We use a `MockProducer` because you only want to test your own code.  So you really only need to test that the producer recieves the expected records and in the expected format.  Plus since there is no broker, the tests run very fast, which becomes an important factor as the number of tests increase.

There is only one method in `KafkaProducerApplicationTest` annotated with `@Test`, and that is `testProduce()`.  Before you create the test, let's go over a few of the key points of the test

[source, java]
----
final List<String> records = Arrays.asList("foo#bar", "bar#foo", "baz#bar", "great-weather");

records.forEach(producerApp::produce); <1>

final List<KeyValue<String, String>> expectedList = Arrays.asList(KeyValue.pair("foo", "bar"),
            KeyValue.pair("bar", "foo"),
            KeyValue.pair("baz", "bar"),
            KeyValue.pair("NO-KEY","great-weather")); <2>
final List<KeyValue<String, String>> actualList = mockProducer.history().stream().map(this::toKeyValue).collect(Collectors.toList()); <3>

----

> <1> Calling the `produce` method

Reviewer: FYC: should all these be changed from `*-ing` to just `*`, e.g. `Calling` -> `Call`

Author: ack

<2> Build the expected list of records the producer should recieve

> <3> Using the `MockProducer.history()` method to get the records sent to the producer so the test can assert the expected records match the actual ones

Reviewer: For consistency, should this be `Use` instead of `Using`?  (Or change the other ones)

Author: ack

> <3> Using the `MockProducer.history()` method to get the records sent to the producer so the test can assert the expected records match the actual ones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Using the `MockProducer.history()` method to get the records sent to the producer so the test can assert the expected records match the actual ones sent
```

IIUC does `sent` belong at the end of the sentence?

Author: Yep, good catch

> <3> Using the `MockProducer.history()` method to validate the records sent to the producer

Reviewer: What precisely is "validated"?

Author: @ybyzek I clarified this, let me know what you think

> Now create the following file at `src/test/java/io/confluent/developer/KafkaProducerApplicationTest.java`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Including the code snippet explained above, now create the complete test code at `src/test/java/io/confluent/developer/KafkaProducerApplicationTest.java`.
```

Author: same as above
